Now we're going to look at Binary Search Trees.
Binary Search Trees are nice because nodes have an order,
and because they have an order,
when we traverse the tree,
we can actually save ourselves a lot of time,
which means when we insert a node,
the run time, the average complexity is log
n. Same thing when we search for a node to see if it exists.
The average complexity is also log n,
where n is the number of nodes in the tree,
and same with deletion,
log n. So here's how it works.
Here's 5, node 5,
and then 6 is greater than 5,
so it's to the right of node 5,
4 is less than 5,
so it's to the left of 5,
2 is less than 4,
so it's also to the left of 4.
Notice that everything in this left subtree of 5 is less than 5.
Everything that's going to be in the right subtree of 5 is greater than 5.